Improve grammar (#8748)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: README.md

# Welcome to The Odin Project Curriculum

> The Odin Project (also known as TOP) is an open-source community project for learning full-stack web development. Our mission is to provide a comprehensive curriculum to learn web development for free. We help our students learn the skills and build the impressive portfolio of projects they need to get hired as a web developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Odin Project (also known as TOP) is an open-source community for learning full-stack web development. Our mission is to provide a comprehensive curriculum to learn web development for free. We help our students learn the skills and build the impressive portfolio of projects they need to get hired as a web developer.
```

Reviewer: Let's leave "project" out.

Author: Got it!

1. We have created a curriculum that attempts to find the optimal sequencing of information. This curriculum is intended to take someone from knowing literally nothing about web development to a point where they could be employed as a Junior Developer.
2. For each topic in the curriculum, we try to find the best free resources on the internet that teach that topic.  We will often link multiple resources so as to not rely too much on a single source of information.  If good resources cannot be found, we write our own, but we definitely prefer primary links to external sites.
3. We invent and cultivate projects that give learners a chance to practice what they have learned and to integrate skills along the way. These projects increase information retention, give the learner a chance to experiment, and allow the learner to build an impressive portfolio.

Additionally, we have made our learning materials completely open source.  This means that if anyone comes across a resource that is better than what is currently included in our lessons, that person is free \(and encouraged!\) to add them, which improves our curriculum over time and helps it to stay up to date.

## Contributing

> If you would like to contribute to this project, [please contact us here](https://gitter.im/TheOdinProject/New-JS-course).  For the moment, the project leader on this is Cody Loyd \(@codyloyd in the gitter room\), so feel free to ping him if you have any questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to contribute to this project, [please contact us here](https://gitter.im/TheOdinProject/Contributing).
```
